their favorite poison is found crawling
in the forest like pufferfish
millipedes are toxic
but that doesn't stop the limo seeking
them out
the millipedes use dangerous secretions
including cyanide as a defense but the
lemurs that will chew on them
albeit extremely cautiously the toxins
cause the lemurs to salivate they then
rub both the saliva and a millipede into
their farm they use it as an insecticide
to ward off insects such as mosquitoes
that carry malaria but they are
suspiciously enthusiastic about the
whole process
it seems they don't just work as an
insect repellent the chemicals also
appear to send them into a trance-like
State
a condition of complete intoxication
[Music]
and he can't seem to get enough
when it's all over there's no hiding
mistake PRN
and time to sleep it off
you